Readme.md, before:

# coc-highlight

Provide default highlight for [coc.nvim](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim),
including document highlight (highlight of current document symbol) and colors
highlight.

<img width="480" alt="Screen Shot 2019-07-01 at 9 11 33 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/251450/60405074-979ae080-9be0-11e9-8039-b9a48fd8b5ad.png">

## Install

In your vim/neovim, run command:

```
:CocInstall coc-highlight
```

## Features

- Highlight symbol of current position in all positions of current buffer (when no document
  highlight provider exists from language server).
- Highlight colors of current buffer (when no color provider exists from
  language server).

## Usage

To enable highlight current symbol on `CursorHold`, add:

```vim
autocmd CursorHold * silent call CocActionAsync('highlight')
```

to your `.vimrc` or use the [coc_current_word plugin](https://github.com/IngoMeyer441/coc_current_word) which provides
configurable delayed highlighting independently from the user's `updatetime` setting.

To add colors support for all filetypes, use:

```json
"colors.filetypes": ["*"],
```

to your `settings.json`.

To pick a different color, use command:

```
:call CocAction('pickColor')
```

**Note:** only works on Mac or have python gtk module installed.

To pick a different color presentation, use command:

```
:call CocAction('colorPresentation')
```

## Options

- `highlight.disableLanguages`, List of filetypes to ignore for this extension.
- `highlight.document.enable`, Set to `false` to disable document symbol
  highlight.
- `highlight.colors.enable`, Set to `false` to disable color highlight.
- `highlight.colorNames.enable`, Set to `false` to disable highlight of color names.

## F.A.Q

**Q:** Why color highlight is not shown on my vim?

**A:** First, make sure `"coc.preferences.colorSupport"` is not `false` in your
`coc-settings.json`, then make sure you have `set termguicolors` in your `.vimrc`,
and your terminal support true color.

**Q:** How to change highlight of the current symbol.

**A:** All you need is overwrite the highlight group, checkout `:h coc-highlights`

## License

MIT

Commit message:

reworked to use work threads instead of language server

Readme.md, after:

# coc-highlight

Provide filetype irrelevant highlights to [coc.nvim](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim),
including document highlight (highlight of current document symbol) and color
highlights.

<img width="480" alt="Screen Shot 2019-07-01 at 9 11 33 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/251450/60405074-979ae080-9be0-11e9-8039-b9a48fd8b5ad.png">

**Important** the implementation from version 2.0.0 have changed from language
server to worker threads, and only changed lines are calculated for colors.

## Install

In your vim/neovim, run command:

```
:CocInstall coc-highlight
```

## Features

- Highlight the same word symbols of word under cursor.
- Add color highlights to buffers when enabled.

## Usage

To enable highlight current symbol on `CursorHold`, add:

```vim
autocmd CursorHold * silent call CocActionAsync('highlight')
```

to your `.vimrc` or use the [coc_current_word plugin](https://github.com/IngoMeyer441/coc_current_word) which provides
configurable delayed highlighting independently from the user's `updatetime` setting.

To add colors support for all filetypes, use:

```json
"colors.filetypes": ["*"],
```

to your `settings.json`.

To pick a different color, use command:

```
:call CocAction('pickColor')
```

**Note:** only works on Mac or have python gtk module installed.

To pick a different color presentation, use command:

```
:call CocAction('colorPresentation')
```

## Options

- `highlight.trace`: Trace level for colors highlight. default: `"messages"`
  Valid options: ["off","messages","verbose"]
- `highlight.disableLanguages`: List of filetypes to ignore. default: `[]`
- `highlight.document.enable`: Set to false disable document highlight of current symbol, reload coc.nvim required on change, default: `true`
- `highlight.colors.enable`: Set to false to disable color highlight, reload coc.nvim required on change, default: `true`
- `highlight.colorNames.enable`: Set to false to disable highlight of color names, default: `true`

## F.A.Q

**Q:** Why color highlight is not shown on my vim?

**A:** Enable verbose output by `"highlight.trace": "verbose"` in configuration file.
Checkout the output by `:CocCommand workspace.showOutput highlight`

**Q:** How to change highlight of the current symbol.

**A:** All you need is overwrite the highlight group, checkout `:h coc-highlights`

## License

MIT
